docs: KGO mirror controlplanes (#8750)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/guides/konnect-entities/gatewaycontrolplane.md

```shell
NAME                    PROGRAMMED   ID                                     ORGID
kic-control-plane       True         <konnect-control-plane-id>             <your-konnect-org-id>
```

{% if_version gte:1.6.x %}

> ## Create a mirror gateway control plane

Reviewer: I think this section should be focused more on referring to Konnect CP via ID rather than on "mirror" gateway CP.

So for example this section could be named:

```suggestion
## Refer to existing Konnect gateway control plane - mirror `KonnectGatewayControlPlane`
```

or just 

```suggestion
## Refer to existing Konnect gateway control plane
```

And then explain that this is the use case that mirror type will solve.

WDYT?

Author: see f79207e37209d2fa38271c81f58233b703654a2d

Creating the `KonnectGatewayControlPlane` object with `Mirror` source in your Kubernetes cluster will mirror {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway

> control plane from your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). You need to provide the konnect id of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control plane from your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). You need to provide the {{ site.konnect_short_name }} ID of the 
```

> control plane from your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). You need to provide the {{site.konnect_short_name}} ID of the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
control plane from your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). You must provide the {{site.konnect_short_name}} ID of the 
```
